

#CTHackATAhon2020 


 

Welcome to the #CTHackATAhon2020 

 

This document is intended for all the participants of #CTHackATAhon2020 and covers the details 
for the main 5-hour event for 20th June 2020. 

The event starts at 2 PM and ends at 7 PM. 

Timeline 

2PM-3PM: Setup | Getting ready. We will be sharing a GITlab plain code repo. You will have to 
clone it or fork it to create your own repository and connect with your Jenkins server. 

3PM-7PM: Actual Hackathon. 

 


General Guidelines 


 

All participants are requested 

1. To keep themselves on mute. If you have any queries. Please share in the chat. 
2. To keep their videos on from 3 PM to 7 PM 
3. Jury can randomly request any participant to share the screen. This means you have to 
be keeping your session on MS Teams on all the time 
4. Please note that all the code that is used, must be pushed to your own GIT repository by 
7 PM IST, any code which is pushed after 7 PM will not be considered accepted. 
5. Please ensure you complete your setup (Gitbash on windows, GIT on other platforms, 
Jenkins before 3 PM). Any delays will lead you to lose your 4-hour time. 
6. Please ensure you know how to create your own repository and push the code 
7. You are free to use internet for downloading or using any tools or code. 
8. If your code is found to be same as that of any other participant(s), it may result in 
disqualification for all the participants who are found to be guilty of copying 
9. We will be sharing the challenge 5 minutes before 3 PM. The server will be up during the 
3PM to 7PM window. Server will be brought down at exactly 7:15 PM. 
10. You have to fill in a self-evaluation sheet (template will be provided) and also prepare a 
video showcasing your solution. The sheet and the video need to be shared by 7:25 PM. 
Any emails received after 7:25 PM will result in negative marking. 


 

 

Challenge will have the following 
components 


 

Setup other than your own test and test automation tools that we recommend are 

• Gitlab/Github/Bitbucket account 
• Jenkins server or any other CI server 


 


• Plain text code base will be given. That should be used to hook up the CI tool. No 
compilation of code or files will be needed. It will be used only for firing the tests. 
• On code checkin / or git push it should fire jobs on the CI Tools 
• Use case on API Testing, UI and Functional Testing on multiple browsers, Mobile use case 
on different devices, Reporting and other use cases may be there (which can be 
considered a part of CT). For each of the use cases you may have to create jobs on 
Jenkins and create a CT pipeline so that the jobs run on pushing changes in the git repo. 


 

Good luck. 

Have fun and happy learning 

 

Thanks from the entire Jury Team 

 

 


